BB-8 controller program

Description:

Main entry point into the BB-8 control routines.
The controler should initialize all BB-8 resources needed
by the various control directives.
The main controller will listen on localhost for vairous commands
that will control the overall behaviour of the BB-8.
See the README for details of these commands



Directives:

These are the various modes that the BB-8 will operate in.
The modes are mutually exclusive with other modes
1. Followme - Directs the BB-8 to follow a bluetooth signal
2. Remote control - BB-8 can be controlled with a remot control
                    via a bluetooth teather to an Android phone.
3. Patrol - BB-8 will "wonder" around within a certain perimeter.
            TODO havent decided what other functionality will
            pair with this directive.
4. Game - TODO Think of some cool games that can be played
          with the BB-8 (jousting)



Functions:

These MAY be enabled for any of the previously mentioned directive
modes
1. Projector - Will activate an on-board pocket project and
               display videos, feeds, etc
2. Speaker - Functions as a bluetooth speaker would
3. Record - Enables an on-board camera and records
4. Live stream - Will record and live stream through an internet
                 connection
5. Access point - Functions as a wireless hotspot
6. Camera - Takes photos
7. Interactive - Tries to recognize human shape/gestures and
                 reacts to them



Features:

Various capabilities
1. Bluetooth
2. Wifi
3. Web interface
4. SSH
5. Access point
6. chassy lights
7. speaker, voice module
8. Camera
9. various sensors



Config:

The config file's format is as follows:
# comments
<section title>
option name: option value

The following will describe each configurable section with their option names
and their acceptable [values]

<log>

Set the log level
level: [None,Critical,Error,Warn,Info,Debug]

Turn console logging on or off
console: [0,1]

Turn file loggin on or ogg
file: [abs/path/to/filename.txt]
